1.	As a student, I need to authenticate myself, so than I can attempt my assessment.
2.	As a sign-in student, I need to view the list of question, so that I can attempt the question.
3.	As a student, I need to view my multiple option of question, so I can select only one of them.
4.	As a student, I need to view all list of question, so that I can see how many questions I have to attempt.
5.	As a student, I need to have a timer, so that I can know how much time is remaining.
6.	As a student, I need to next and previous button, so that I can switch to other question.
7.	As a student, I need to see whether my camera and microphone is working, so that I ensure there is no problem. 
8.	As a student, I need to have a clear button, so that I can unselect my choice of answer.
9.	As a student, I need to have a submit button, so that I can submit my exam.
10.	As an Exam Management Team, I want to able to generate unique ID so that if any student gets logout by mistake, so that he will be able to redirect to his leftover state.
11.	As a student, I want to able to give feedback at the end of exam so that I can give suggestions.
12.	As a student, I want to able to report question If there is a mistake in question options so that I can report that question.
13.	As exam management, I want to have responsive page, so that candidate can complete my exam without any problem.
14.	As an exam management team, I should be notified for the feedbacks and reports that have generated from students side so that I can review/rectify the 	questions.
15.	As an Exam management, I want to display the name and login id to be displayed after student login.
16.	As an exam management team, I want safe and secure student exam data analysis and storage system so that the students get the genuine report of their 	performance in the examination.
17.	As an exam management team, I want to able to shuffle questions for each student so that I can prevent malicious practice.
18.	As an Exam Management Team, I want to able to store the option selected by student for the respective question in database so that data stored will be easy 	to navigate while result evaluation.
19.	As an Exam Management Team, I want to able to generate unique ID so that if any student gets logout by mistaken, so that he will be able to redirect to his leftover 	state.
20.	As an Exam management team, I need authority so that no student should be able to login before the scheduled time.
21.	As an exam management team, I want to able to view how many students have logged in for the exam so that I'll get to know how many students.
22.	As a cyber security team, I want to able to add security features including firewall so that I would be able to protect servers from phishing and vulnerable attacks.
23.	As an Exam management, I need different data base, so that I can arrange MCQ question for different subject/module.
24.	As an Exam management, I need data base to store all the submitted solution respective to their module.
25.	As an exam management team, I want AI based audio and video proctored system so that we can prevent malicious acts during exam and get genuine result.




